people were wondering about prayer
prayer cues and things like that they
want to know some more things so I'm
going to give you a couple right here
okay in Ephesians it talks about we
wrestle not against flesh and blood but
against principalities and powers and
there's a lot more to the verse but for
time's sake there you go it's Ephesians
4 4 16 I believe somewhere around there
you cannot pray against somebody's will
okay like say say you go to work and
your boss is really mean to you maybe
you're a a teenager right now and you're
watching me and you are in an abusive
relationship with your parents verbally
when you are being assaulted like that
it is a demonic presence behind it and
so you take authority over the devil and
this is how I would do it I had a boss
that was not very nice to me and he
treated me pretty poorly so every day I
would drive to work and I say I bind the
maneuvering of any demonic spirits and
so and so and you will not torment me in
any way today at all I take authority
over the spirits that maneuver inside of
him and I command them to stop right now
you have no right no power No Authority
and I bind you up and you are not able
to move in torment in any way in the
name of Jesus
concerning abuse I bind the Devils that
are tormenting my my husband or my wife
I bind that devil in the name of Jesus I
command you to cease and desist in your
maneuvering and I command you to stop it
right now you will not maneuvering
maneuver in them anymore I command you
to stop this
and I call Peace to the the spouse or
whoever in the name of Jesus I call
Peace over them and that's how I pray I
don't bind them you can't bind them
because they're a free will okay and you
get into some kind of Witchcraft
sometimes when you start doing that
praying over their emotions it's like I
would say you know when I'm trying to
sell something in my business or
whatever I don't pray over that person
father I thank you that you caused them
to to uh uh buy my product okay I say
this father I thank you that my product
stands out father I thank you that my
product is desirable that people want
what I'm selling I thank you Father that
I am blessed in the city and the field
coming in and going out according to
Deuteronomy 28 and father I thank you
that father that when people see my
stuff and what I'm selling today Father
they want what I have because it stands
out but not I don't pray over their
emotions manipulating them you know you
don't manipulate people people in the
spirit realm it's it's part of
Witchcraft okay you don't do that you
just pray over your stuff you pray that
father that my stuff's Gonna Stand Out
thank you Lord and father when it comes
to um the your your unsaved loved ones
if they're out drinking or partying or
being promiscuous or whatever
father I thank you for Johnny whoever I
thank you Father that he is saved you
father I thank you Lord right now that
your Cinder and laborers across this
path whether they're at Walmart or
whatever let somebody come across his
path and witness it to him today
now father I thank you I bind the spirit
of addiction off of his life
I take authority over alcoholism I take
authority over drug addiction he may be
strung out on on meth or or a
prescription pills I bind the spirit of
addiction off of his life right now in
the name of Jesus I call that Spirit to
cease and desist and it's maneuvering in
his life I commend it to Bow its knee
you have no authority to torment him
anymore you're a foul devil and I
command you to release them right now in
the name of Jesus if they're Wayward now
angels I send you out go and bring
Johnny or whoever home to me bring them
home father I thank you Holy Spirit
you're working on their hearts right now
I call them to have a heart that's
pliable oh God I minister to them right
now there it goes I started hitting me
in the intercession
Hallelujah
okay
I pray over their heart right now in the
name of Jesus
call him in
bring them in Lord
I thank you Lord we're not giving up on
them
father I thank you Lord that you're
sending them Angels right now minister
to my children
father I thank you Lord that if they're
in the bar right now I thank you Lord
that there is a conviction over their
heart get out of that bar right now in
the name of Jesus
father I thank you Lord that you're
you're going to save their soul Lord I
Thank You Lord you bring forth the
Harvest right now over my son father you
would you would visit him in the
Midnight Hour in a dream
father I thank you Lord that you would
send an angel to minister to him you
father I thank you Lord it may be an
angel that they don't even know an angel
unaware it could be a hitchhiker I don't
know whoever and finally walk up to him
and say boom and the power of God moves
on him in a supernatural way we don't
know but I know this that God is able to
do exceedingly abundantly above all that
we dare ask or think according to the
power that works in you
okay
he's already done it all folks he's
already done it all he's already done
everything he can do for your healing
you've got to stay in agreement with
what he's already done in his word that
first Peter 2 24 by his stripes we are
healed he was wounded for our
transgressions he was bruised for our
iniquities the chastisement of our peace
was upon him and with his stripes we are
healed period and we stand on that we
get in the word and we quote the word
out of our mouth father I thank you Lord
that you provide all my needs according
to your riches in glory Christ Jesus if
I Christ Jesus I thank you Lord that I'm
a tither I'm a giver I'm A sower I'm a
Believer and father you said you would
take care of me you said you would never
see the righteous forsaken Norris seed
begging bread and father if you take
care of the of the birds of the air and
the lilies Bobby I'm how much more my to
you how much more God and Father I thank
you Lord that you're going to take care
of my family my children my wife you're
going to provide for us today I thank
you Lord that you give me a creative
idea to get well I Seek You father I
seek your provision for my house
I Seek You God that you said you take
care of us father I'm a giver I thank
you Lord that you're going to provide
for us I thank you Lord that the seeds
that I've sown are going to bring forth
some 30 some 60 and 100 fold I've always
asked that
why why some 30 some 60 and some 100.
how do I get 100 fold every time lord
whenever I sacrificially give and Lord
said it's the ground you're sowing in
son
some ground is Miracle working ground
and some ground is not as rich as others
so you've got to be uh a good student
where I tell you to give your money and
I ask him I said Lord show me show me
where the 100 fold ground is show me
where the 64 ground is not that I'm not
grateful for the 30-fold but Lord I know
that you're exceedingly abundantly above
all that I dare ask or think and so
father I thank you Lord that you teach
me how to sow into the good ground and I
found a lot of times
blessing Israel Ministries around trying
to get the Jewish people saved uh
Ministries trying to get the the Little
Orphan saved I mean you know protecting
the orphans the widows Ministries things
like that
they're real good soil because that's
what Jesus commissioned us to take care
of the orphan the Jesus commissioned us
to take care of the um the widows the
Jesus Took told us that those that bless
Israel I will bless and those that curse
Israel I will curse so I'm going to be
on the side of the blessing I want to be
on the side that says Lord I bless
Israel even if I don't always agree with
what they do and what the how they live
their life because there's a lot of
there's a lot of sin with a lot of
Jewish people but father I'm going to
honor I honor him and I pray for him and
and we're just gonna we're not we don't
talk about it about them we just thank
you Lord that you you protect Netanyahu
and you protect the Parliament and the
people that are over that area and
father I thank you Lord that they're
going to have a saving knowledge of
Jesus I just pray over that kind of
stuff that's the way you should be speak
blessing speak increase
your Mountain needs to hear your voice
in your life if you're not speaking
calling those things that be not as
though they were you need to be speaking
to your circumstances
you have what you say your tongue is
powerful if you're speaking cursing out
of your mouth and speaking doubt and
unbelief oh well I'm sick today again
I've got a bad day oh yeah well my boss
is treating me like trash again and I've
oh my kids acting up again boy he is a
real devil you're gonna get what you
have what you say you speaking you're
you're decreeing those things out of
your mouth
manifestation is going to start
happening because life and death is in
the power of the tongue remember that
you want to know how you're in the in in
the in the the faith for what you're
believing for
joy and peace are going to be following
you
you need to be walking in joy and peace
if you're in worry and doubting unbelief
you're not going to be you're not going
to be getting uh you're not in faith if
you're in uh a spirit of worry and
you're in fear fear is not Faith cometh
by hearing and hearing by the word of
God you've got to get in the word and
you've got to get the word concerning
your circumstances you've got to find
scripture concerning your healing
concerning what you're believing for
because Faith cometh by hearing and hear
it by the word and you've got to get
that Faith inside of you but but perfect
love casteth out all fear and fear has
torment okay so you've got to get these
words in there and he the feareth is not
made perfect in love and you've got to
know that and that's I believe it's in
first John somewhere on there what I'm
quoting these scriptures to you you can
you can use it on your Bible app and
type them up in there to help you I'm
sorry it's hard for me to memorize all
those things like that of the the the I
call them the street address I just
memorized the words
and so um
uh
getting Faith down inside of you Mark 11
23 and verse 24 quote that and and know
if you pray and you don't doubt you're
going to get your your Harvest okay you
gotta get it whatsoever things you
desire When you pray believe that you
receive them and you shall have them and
if you say unto the mountain be thou
removed to be thou cast in the city see
and shine down in your heart you shall
have whatsoever things you saith I
believe I got it that time so this is
this is the foundation of what I'm
trying to say
and so when you're praying against this
you're praying and praying against uh
and you're binding things and and and
what's over things you bind on Earth are
are are bound in heaven and whatsoever
things you are loosed on Earth are loose
in heaven you've got to bind these
Devils up you gotta break off the
strongholds of your life okay they're
they're whenever you like you say okay
well this is another for instance okay
you've got you've got uh grandpa I had
cancer
his dad had cancer and his great his dad
of his dad dad had cancer okay and
that's generational you got generational
diabetes you got generational uh Eating
Disorders you've got generational
strongholds of sexual perversion well
you know uh Grandpa cheated on his wife
and his dad cheated on his wife and
daddy cheating on his wife and it just
keeps going on down the line I pray I
don't cheat on mine it's generational
curse and you've got to come against
that and say that stops with me that
stops with my generation that's not
going on to my kids I'm not gonna live
in that so you've got to stand against
that's called a spiritual stronghold you
gotta break strongholds off of your life
by by prayer and fasting one and you
need to get in the word concerning this
and start and start attacking that I
attack like what I overcome I attack
even disorders eating for Comfort eating
for for pleasure because you find you
find that well I like to go out and eat
a brand new uh like steak not brand new
a steak at Outback I love to go to
Outback I love to go eat the steaks I
love to go get potatoes and I like to
get the salads and I like to celebrate I
celebrate food and it's not it's it's
it's the way I was raised and so it's a
it's a it's generational my mom's
overweight my grandmother was overweight
she died and and so they they everybody
has a generational thing of eating
because it was just the way we were
raised now I'm breaking that I'm I keep
coming against it I will not have an
eating disorder of obesity anymore in my
life I take authority over obesity in
Jesus name I am free from this from the
spirit of Eating Disorders I take
authority over this now father I thank
you Lord
your word says that you've given me a a
spirit of self-control and I come
against the spirit of of eating
disorders and I thank you Lord that I
operate in the fruit of the spirit of
self-control today and I say that over
myself all the time I have an an
unbelieving God and today I've done
pretty good but I keep standing I keep
standing and and I keep tell my kids
you're not going to have this I'm
breaking the cycle I'm breaking this
cycle off of your life We're Not Gonna
live this way no more food is to Keep Us
Alive it's not to be uh to that I have
to have it to celebrate all the time
food is a source of energy you know and
that's what I tell myself I have to
renew my mind it's something I'm telling
you all that I struggle with okay it's
just being real with you I'm free from
eating disorders in Jesus name I'm free
from uh you know used to I drink too
much alcohol I'm not going to drink
alcohol ever again I've said that and I
broke that cycle
it took a while but now it broke off of
my life and I don't touch alcohol
anymore and so you know what for years
whenever I was first uh in my 20s it was
something that was of ice for me getting
a beer and drinking a beer having having
too much uh our Margarita and going out
and having Margarita Mexican restaurant
and I said no I'm not going to live that
way no more I want to be a light and
drinking alcohol is not a light I don't
want to be that if I'm sitting there and
have booze all down my breath and
somebody walks up to me so I've seen you
at church can you pray for me oh yeah
brother and you got a alcohol over your
breath and you go lay hands on them it's
not it's not a good witness so don't do
it you know what I want to be a vessel
that can be used by by Jesus and I don't
want any vices I don't want any vices
some people think it's okay to drink
socially but some people don't I'm one
that says it's not a good thing to do
okay it's just me and so I I want to
walk I want to walk in the glory and I
don't I don't want anything that the
world if the world says it's okay I
don't want a part of it if they say it's
okay to watch R-rated movies and do all
that it's not okay for me what they say
is okay it's not okay okay that's not
our standard our standard is the word of
God and we get in the word of God and we
see what the word of God says and the
Bible says not to be drunk on excess and
to be uh and to be doing those things
okay so we need to walk in the light and
be a light in this world
and um if you got addiction to
cigarettes
don't can I'm not we're not going to
condemn you for smoking cigarettes but
I'm going to tell you this we're going
to pray that you're set free from uh
cigarettes I there was this young boy uh
when I was at the church working there
uh he had a really bad problem with
smoking cigarettes and he would be
outside smoking at church and I told him
I said you want to get free from that he
goes man I want to get free so bad but
I'm so addicted to cigarettes I smoke
four packs a day or more you know uh and
um he would tell me he says cost me so
much money it cost me a lot out of my
paycheck and all this and and so I told
him I said well let's just pray right
now
he said okay so he dropped a cigarette
down in the street and he raised his
hand I laid hands on his stomach and I
said in the name of Jesus father I thank
you Lord that this is repulsive to him
and I say in the name of Jesus that he
will not want this or desire it anymore
we bind the spirit of addiction we
command it to go from his body we speak
to the nicotine to dry out in his body
right now we command it to go from his
body we thank you Lord that we break all
Spirit of Cravings from nicotine and we
call him delivered from this in the name
of Jesus and father I thank you that the
next time he tries to put a cigarette up
to his mouth it would make him nauseous
and want to throw up
well I said in the name of Jesus went
home church was over he came back to me
on Wednesday night church this was
Sunday night church he came back to me
on Wednesday night service and he said
man I got home and I broke out in a
massive sweat when I went to go light up
that cigarette he said I got so sick
whenever I try to put that cigarette and
light that cigarette and and smoke it he
said I couldn't even do it I started to
throw up he said your prayer worked he
goes I have been delivered from
cigarettes ever since you prayed
so that's just that's just a Ministry
for me I pray for people I have an
addiction to cigarettes and Jesus has
set you free from me you don't have to
be bound by cigarettes anymore but you
don't want the devil to to tell you well
you're a no good so and so because you
smoke cigarettes well you're a no good
so and so because you you smoke dope or
crack or whatever
tell the devil to shut up we don't run
from God when we sin we run to him and
if we are messing up and we we go well
we gotta hide ourselves like Adam and
Eve did no we run to him he's a merciful
we can run to him he is our father and
he is our deliverer and you find
scripture pertaining to what you need in
your life concerning your addiction
there's a lot of good Bible apps that
will help you with addictions find those
scriptures and and every time you go up
to light that crack pipe or your your
your uh smoking some kind of um
something bad
quote those scriptures out of your mouth
and say I am delivered from this in
Jesus name I am delivered from nicotine
I am delivered from marijuana I am
delivered from from crack or snorting
coke or whatever you may have a advice
on heroin uh meth whatever Jesus wants
you free from that you don't have to be
bound from it if you have a problem with
pornography tell your spouse of course
and and tell them I need free and every
time you have that temptation to try to
look at something dirty God I command
the spirit of lust to be bound off my
life I bind the maneuvering of that
spirit in the name of Jesus I command
you to release me now I am not going to
look at trash on the Internet or
wherever or or it's going to strip clubs
father I think you I'm you're free from
that you don't have to be bound by
Devils you don't have to walk in in in
in in bondage
Jesus wants to set you free
and so there was one lady in the comment
section just uh tonight that said will
you teach me how to anoint my house with
oil
my son has a very bad addiction to uh
listening to heavy metal and stuff okay
that is a demonic Spirit there is a lot
of demonic satanic influence behind
heavy metal well basically any secular
music okay because Satan is very good at
it
producing music that's what he did I
mean so
start anointing your son's uh uh room I
take the olive oil he's like I'm telling
you and I've taken I dip my finger in
the olive oil and I apply it just like
the children of Israel applied the blood
to the doorpost so that the death angel
could not come in and Destroy them you
apply the blood on your door and I say
in the name of Jesus I put the bloodline
over my house in my door and over my
son's bed and I thank you Lord that
you're bringing Deliverance to him and
you might have to put your foot down and
say listen
I don't want you to listen that stuff
loud in my house if you're going to
listen that trash put it in a headset
and put it on your ears but you're not
going to put it in my house and change
the atmosphere of my home you know what
I love you Johnny or whoever your name
is but you're not going to change the
atmosphere in my home and if you're old
enough you might just need to tell them
to move out say I'm sorry but we're
going to have a house that worships the
Lord in here and you're not bringing
your demons in my home
it might come to the point where you say
you know what I love you but it's time
for you to hit the road buddy you know
find you a place if that's the way
you're gonna live ask for me and my
house we're going to serve the Lord and
we're not going to have that in my house
we're coming to a time I'm telling you
you better have your line drawn on what
you stand for because if you don't the
devil's going to run you over the media
is trying to push their agenda on us the
the all the trash we get from CNN or
even Fox and wherever MSNBC trash
they're trying to push their agenda on
us from Facebook all the way down like I
told you these are bad evil places and
they're trying to they try to to
influence your thinking saying it's okay
it's like a little bit at a time thank
you so much for for joining me for this
long if you're still watching God bless
you guys I I uh I I pray you're hungry I
I I could talk all day long y'all I've
got so much going going on uh inside of
me to help you and um answer ask more
questions below you know in the comment
section here what do you what what's on
your heart what do you need help with I
will find scriptures and I will find
things that I'm telling you that I pray
how to get people free so father I thank
you right now in the name of Jesus I'm
going to do a blanket prayer all the
people that have asked for help all the
prayer needs all of the the healings and
the and the um the uh people dying of a
disease or whatever their their loved
ones are are far away from the Lord
father we thank you Lord you showed me
in a vision today Lord like little birds
and I said father they're like little
birds chirping in a mama's nest and and
they're asking help help help chief
chief chief and I saw him in the spirit
Lord and I said God there's so many any
Mouse to feed I can't do it all I don't
know what you want me to do and you said
to me
it's my job Brandon the holy spirit will
take care of this and I saw that big
bird dump a whole bunch of worms on them
little babies and today I pray that for
you the holy spirit's going to meet you
every need you have right where you're
at Jesus has got this for you I call
Healing over your bodies I call
Deliverance over you in Jesus name I
call restoration over your marriages you
may be having marriage problems I call
restoration over your marriage is in
Jesus name I call blessing over your
home in Jesus name financially I call it
father that Lord that the Lord will
bless you and keep you may his face
shine upon you and be gracious to you
and give you peace I call those
blessings over their home in Jesus name
and we praise the Lord for everything
he's already done and what he continues
to do in your life in the name of Jesus
put a smile on your face and a soul in
your heart Jesus loves you and I love
you and I'm so thankful that you're part
of my family here God bless you all
bye-bye